
Epic Seven Wiki for Beginners
HomeCharactersPlay E7 on PCArtifactsBoss HuntLab CalcContact
Tenebria

Fire Cancer Mage
 Covenant Summon
  
World
Abyss
Arena
Boss Hunt
Raid
Guild Wars
Overall
Our Ratings
8
8
7.5
8.5
8
7
7.8
User Ratings ⓘ
7.6
7.6
7.8
7.6
7.6
7.6
7.6
Your Ratings
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A
N/A

Default Skin Phantom Schoolgirl
Table of Contents

Pros & Cons
Tier List Description
Substat Priority
Skills
Skill Enhancements
Exclusive Equipment
Stats
Awakening
Memory Imprint
Specialty
Labyrinth
Character Relations
Additional Info
Story Stats
Hero Background
Tenebria is a Fire Mage with the Horoscope Cancer that you can summon from the Covenant Summon.

POWERCHART

Tenebria Stats

Characters Average Stats

PROS & CONS

AoE defense debuff, sleep + self Attack buff on skill 3

AoE decrease enemy combat readiness (excellent for the arena)

Skill 2 now applies restrict on top of decreased speed.

Skill 1 now has very high chance to sleep

Low base health

Countered by anti-debuff



Tier List Description

(8/3/2023 Update): S2 now applies restrict and S3 has lowered cooldown.

Tenebria has AoE defense break on her third skill that can sleep enemies as well, which is great in PvP, especially in arena cleave teams. Her second skill is an AoE attack that reduces combat readiness, decreased speed and restrict. Her basic skill can sleep at a very high chance when maxed.

Her kit is great and has a lot to offer from both damage and utility. Being a mage, she can equip Sira-Ren or Tagehel’s Ancient Book, which are both great for PvE or PvP content.

Like most mages, she has low base health and will need some protection/hp stats or she will die pretty easily.

With her new kit, testing is required to see how this restrict buff affects her in the current meta.


RECOMMENDED ARTIFACTS


Tagehel’s Ancient Book
PvP
Allows you to use good soul burns on the first turn of PvP.

Sira-Ren
Debuff
Additional debuffs is great since she has 2 AoE attacks.

RECOMMENDED SETS

Speedy
 Speed /  Crit Rate
 Crit Rate%      Atk%      Speed    
Damage
 Destruction /  Crit Rate
 Crit Damage%      Atk%      Speed    

SUBSTAT PRIORITY

Speed, Atk%, Effectiveness%, Crit Rate%

TENEBRIA'S SKILLS

Tenebria has 3 skills. Skills can be passive or active. Tenebria's Ominous Thunder can be soul burned for extra effects. More information can be found on our Skill Multipliers page.


Dark Explosion
Active
+1 Soul
Attacks with an explosion of dark energy, with a 60% chance to put them to sleep for 1 turn. When the enemy is put to sleep, the caster's Combat Readiness increases by 50%. This skill does not trigger a Dual attack.
Show Enhancements ↓
Show Multipliers ↓

Ominous Thunder
Active
+2 Souls
Cooldown: 3 turns
Burn Effect: Increases damage dealt. (-10 Souls)
Summons ominous thunder to attack all enemies, decreasing Combat Readiness by 20%, before inflictingdecreased Speed and restrict for 2 turns.
Show Enhancements ↓
Show Multipliers ↓

Nightmare
Active
+3 Souls
Cooldown: 4 turns
Drops Moon of Nightmare on all enemies, with a 70% chance to decrease Defense for 2 turns and put them to sleep for 1 turn, before increasing Attack of the caster for 2 turns.
Show Enhancements ↓
Show Multipliers ↓
Total Resources
 MolaGora x33
 MolaGoraGo x0
 Baby Mouse Insignia x36
 Heart of Hypocrisy x6
 Gold x528000

TENEBRIA'S SKILL ENHANCEMENTS

Getting S3 to +4 will help with the higher defense break chances. S2 is optional but also helps as the follow up damage. Improved S1 sleep chance is optional.


Nightmare (S3)
+4

Ominous Thunder (S2)
+4

Dark Explosion (S1)
+4

TENEBRIA'S EXCLUSIVE EQUIPMENT


Shadow King Plushie
Stat Improvement:
Effectiveness (8%-16%)

Dark Explosion
Has a 75% chance to dispel one buff from the target when using Dark Explosion. (This effect is applied before sleep)

Nightmare
Recommended
Increases sleep effect chance of Nightmare by 15%.

Nightmare
Recommended
Grants increased Attack (Greater) instead of increased Attack when using Nightmare.

TENEBRIA'S STATS

Base Stats
Level	Stars	CP	Atk	HP	Def
50	5	11953	822	3559	525
60	6	14918	1025	4475	652
Awakened Stats
Level	Stars	CP	Atk	HP	Def
50	5	13551	1040	3899	525
60	6	17191	1359	4895	652
Critical Hit Chance	Critical Hit Damage	Dual Attack Chance	Effectiveness	Effect Resistance	Speed
15%
(+8%)
150%
5%	
0%
0%
110

TENEBRIA'S AWAKENING

Total Materials
 Flame Rune x45
 Greater Flame Rune x22
 Epic Flame Rune x18
 Special Alarm Loop x15
 Heart of Hypocrisy x10

Bonus
 Attack +20
 Health +60
Stat Increase
Attack +3%
Material Required
 Flame Rune x10

Bonus
 Attack +20
 Health +60
Stat Increase
Attack +3%
Material Required
 Flame Rune x15
 Greater Flame Rune x2

Bonus
 Attack +20
 Health +60
Skill Upgrade
Attacks with an explosion of dark energy, with a 60% chance to put them to sleep for 1 turn. This skill does not trigger a Dual attack.

Attacks with an explosion of dark energy, with a 60% chance to put them to sleep for 1 turn. When the enemy is put to sleep, the caster's Combat Readiness increases by 50%. This skill does not trigger a Dual attack.
Material Required
 Flame Rune x20
 Greater Flame Rune x10

Bonus
 Attack +30
 Health +80
Stat Increase
Critical Hit Rate +8%
Material Required
 Greater Flame Rune x10
 Epic Flame Rune x2

Bonus
 Attack +30
 Health +80
Stat Increase
Attack +6%
Material Required
 Epic Flame Rune x6
 Special Alarm Loop x15

Bonus
 Attack +30
 Health +80
Stat Increase
Attack +6%
Material Required
 Epic Flame Rune x10
 Heart of Hypocrisy x10

MEMORY IMPRINT

Position

Imprint Release

Critical Hit Chance 4.8%

Critical Hit Chance 7.2%

Critical Hit Chance 9.8%

Critical Hit Chance 9.0%

Critical Hit Chance 14.4%
Imprint Concentration

Effectiveness +9%

Effectiveness +13.50%

Effectiveness +18%

Effectiveness +22.50%

Effectiveness +27%

SPECIALTY


Title
Seductive Smile

Dispatch Mission
[Gathering] Attribute

Specialty Effect
Reward Bonus +10%


LABYRINTH

Character Chat Options
Dream, Joyful Memories
This shows the morale points you gain when the following chat options are selected. Check out the labyrinth team calculator to gain the most morale points here.
Advice
5
Belief
6
Bizarre Story
10
Comforting
2
Complain
-10
Criticism
3
Cute Cheer
1
Dream
4
Food Story
-3
Gossip
-3
Happy Memory
3
Heroic Cheer
-2
Heroic Tale
-3
Horror
3
Interesting Story
1
Joyful Memories
0
Myth
-3
Occult
4
Reality Check
-1
Sad Memory
1
Self Indulgent
0
Unique Comment
8

AdDITIONAL INFO

Sleeper Tenebria:


 


STORY STATS

Command
25

Charm
98

Politics
91


HERO BACKGROUND

An Acolyte who freely deals out all kinds of illusions, Tenebria is known as the Phantom Queen. She bewilders her targets by overwhelming them with terrifying illusions or by taking on the appearance of others. Though she may look playful, she is monstrously cruel.


CHARACTER RELATIONS


Nilgal
Rival

Judge Kise
Grudge

Crozet
Grudge

Yuna
Grudge

Ras
Grudge

Utility
All Guides © 2019 Epic Seven Wiki for Beginners. Disclaimer: We are NOT affiliated with this game, this is a fan site dedicated to the game.
To change your privacy settings, click here
Privacy Policy
Playwire

Advertise on this site.

Join E7x Newsletter for Latest Updates! 
Your email address..
 
▲